Q:
In the future all cars, buses and trucks will be driverless. The only people travelling inside these vehicles will be passengers.
Do you think the advantages of driverless vehicles outweigh the disadvantages?


My answer:

Autonomous driving is becoming quite popular today and might become reality in the future. Even though there are still limitations and concerns about this technology, I strongly believe that the benefits of autonomous driving bring far outweigh the potential disadvantages.

If driverless vehicles become reality, there would be so much fewer road accidents on the road. According to various statistics, road accidents are mainly caused by human factors such as careless driving and drive under influence. If we eliminate the biggest factor contributing to accidents, we can reduce unfortunate road accidents by a significant amount. Moreover, driverless vehicles are mainly guided by onboard embedded computers, which can make far more precise decisions than a human being, and the vehicle could be smarter such as communicating with other vehicles while driving, with this coordination among vehicles, the street would be less congested and people can get to their destination more quickly. The third benefit is that people wouldn't have to own a car in order to travel or commute, they can hail an autonomous taxi and get where they are headed. Since these taxis do not need a driver, the taxi fee can be quite cheap. This leads to my next point, when people feel comfortable relying on autonomous vehicles to travel, there would be fewer private cars on the street, putting less strain on our air, also saving precious non-renewable fuel.

Every new invention will come across its criticism, and driverless cars are no exception. People are worried about the computer on board might make errors and put its passengers in danger. I agree that there are chances that this would happen, however, I think with the joined effort of governments and car manufactures, if adequate quality control and rigorous regulation are put into place, we can minimize such errors.

In conclusion,  while there are concerns that driverless cars might not be safe enough, I strongly believe that with proper measures, we can overcome this concern. With countless benefits of the autonomous vehicle, people can enjoy a less-road-casualty, less-air-pollution, cheap-to-commute world.