axis
axis UK  US  [ˈæk.sɪs] [plural axes] noun countable [axes]
1. a real or imaginary straight line which goes through the centre of a spinning object, or a line which divides a symmetrical shape into two equal halves, or a line on a graph used to show the position of a point
• The Earth revolves about the axis which joins the North and South Poles.
• The diameter of a circle is also an axis.
• Plot distance on the vertical Y-axis against time on the horizontal X-axis.
Thesaurus+: ↑Parts of geometrical shapes
2. an agreement between governments or politicians to work together to achieve a particular aim
• the Franco-German axis
Thesaurus+: ↑International politics and government


This diagram shows the process how the plastic bottles are recycled.

 The process begins with people throwing these bottles into recycling garbage bin,these bottles are then collected by a garbage truck and transported to the garbage center, at where they get sorted out by hand. In the next step, the bottles are then compressed into large blocks and then crushed into bits and pieces with a process called crushing. Those bits and pieces are then washed in liquid and then turned into blastic pellets using a large machine. The next step, the plastic pellets are heated to form raw material, then these raw material are transported to different facturies, these facturies will use the raw material to produce all kinds of end products such as bottles, handbags and clothes, which will then be bought by end consumers, thus close the circle of plastic bottles.
 
 
 
 The diagram detailed above delineates how plastic bottles are recycled. Looking from an overall perspective, it is readily apparent that this circular process is comprised of 3 main stages including initial collection and sorting, followed by processing and cleaning, and finally reconstitution into a novel material for further usage.

Recycling commences when an individual places their rubbish in a designated recycling bin, prior to being loaded into specialized garbage trucks. After transportation to the recycling center, the plastic bottles are sorted by hand, compressed tightly to form blocks and then crushed into small pieces and washed.

The next stages involve transformation into a reusable material. The pieces of plastic are first poured into a machine that turns them into pellets. These pellets are then heated in order to create a raw material that can be used in the manufacture of products ranging from clothes and bottles to containers and pencils. These items are themselves recyclable and the process begins again.

The diagram illustrates how plastic bottles are recycled.

Overall, the recycling of plastic bottles is a man-made, cyclical process that consists of use, collection, sorting, crushing, cleaning, pelletizing, making new plastic products, and reuse.

After plastic bottles are used, they are discarded in recycling bins, waiting for trucks to transport them to a recycling plant. Once there, they are sorted and those that can be reused are compressed into blocks. The blocks are then broken down by a crushing machine into small pieces, which are subsequently cleaned to remove any residue.

The small clean pieces produced in the last stage are then poured into a machine where they are turned into pellets. The machine also heats and melts the pellets, which creates plastic raw material. Finally, the raw material is made into different plastic products, including pens, bottles, and reusable shopping bags. After these products are used, they go through the recycling process all over again.
----------------------------------------

The pie chart below shows the main reasons why agricultural land becomes less productive. The table shows how these causes affected three regions of the world during the 1990s.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.

The pie chart shows that there are four main causes of farmland becoming degraded in the world today. Globally, 65% of degradation is caused by too much animal grazing and tree clearance, constituting 35% and 30% respectively. A further 28% of global degradation is due to over-cultivation of crops. Other causes account for only 7% collectively.

These causes affected different regions differently in the 1990s, with Europe having as much as 9.8% of degradation due to deforestation, while the impact of this on Oceania and North America was minimal, with only 1.7% and 0.2% of land affected respectively. Europe, with the highest overall percentage of land degraded (23%), also suffered from over-cultivation (7.7%) and over-grazing (5.5%). In contrast, Oceania had 13% of degraded farmland and this was mainly due to over-grazing (11.3%). North America had a lower proportion of degraded land at only 5%, and the main causes of this were over-cultivation (3.3%) and, to a lesser extent, over-grazing (1.5%).

Overall, it is clear that Europe suffered more from farmland degradation than the other regions and the main causes there were deforestation and over-cultivation.