Dear Mr Smith
From the announcement you made last week, I know that we are looking for an superviscor for our workplace, Here I recommend myself as a condidate for this occupation.
Here are some of my advantages of doing this job, I've worked here 5 years and I am familiar with every product and procedures of our company, I have a graet relationship with everyone here which makes perfect for communicating and coordenating. 
Secondly I know every shortcoming of our workplace comparing to other industuries which is undercommunication because of physical limit, also some major malfunction could not be reported immediately because lack of enough telecommunicating equitment. Im planing to digitize our workplace so that eveyone can report realtime situation without any delay. Also I would work to make our work place like a family, for example, celebrating everyone's birthday by throwing a party and organize similar event every month.

I am looking forward to hearing from you.
luke

In some parts of the world it is becoming popular to research the history of one's own family. 
Why might people want to do this? 
Is it a positive or negative development?  
Model Answer: 
INTRODUCTION: 
Genealogy is not a new field and people, especially the noble class, have always been keen on 
knowing more about the history of their families and ancestors. However, it has recently enjoyed 
more popularity with many ordinary people, especially in the western world, trying to fill in the 
gaps in their family trees. I think this is mainly because they want to have fun or learn about how 
their families have changed through time, but I personally disapprove of this practice. (81 words) 
OR 
It is becoming more and more common for people to seek information about their ancestors and 
family history. I think this is mainly because they want to have fun or learn about how their 
families have changed through time, but I personally disapprove of this practice. (46 words) 
Body: 
One reason why many people are curious about their family history these days is that it is often fun 
to trace back one’s bloodline and find out if one is related to any famous people. I remember a 
recent story about how a common supermarket clerk in Nevada was discovered to be a descendant 
of a British king. Many such descendants live completely ordinary lives, to which a discovery like 
that can bring many thrills. Additionally, it would definitely help people to realise how their 
families have changed through the years and therefore, learn a thing or two about the causes of 
failure and prosperity in different generations. (108 words)  
However, many individuals who find themselves related to the nobility tend to consider tiny shares 
of noble blood as birthright to more respect. They, for instance, often demand seats in public 
transport when there are more deserving people like pregnant women or the elderly aboard. Apart 
from that, some of them might overgeneralise the role of factors which have contributed to a 
former generation’s condition, be it inherited wealth or even bad luck, to their own and disregard 
the value of their own ideas, efforts and current status. (88 words) 
Conclusion 
In conclusion, I think the growing trend towards researching family histories owes mainly to 
people’s need for fun, as well as information regarding how their families have developed, but I 
believe it should be discouraged. (35 words) 

in the span of 
the opposite is seen