 
 expedient
I. ex‧pe‧di‧ent1 /ɪkˈspiːdiənt/ BrE  AmE  adjective
[Date: 1300-1400; Language: French; Origin: Latin, present participle of expedire; ⇨ ↑expedite]
helping you to deal with a problem quickly and effectively although sometimes in a way that is not morally right OPP inexpedient:
 This solution is politically expedient but may well cause long-term problems.
expedient to do something
 We think it is expedient to make a good-will gesture to the new administration.
II. expedient2 BrE  AmE  noun [countable]
a quick and effective way of dealing with a problem:
 Moore escaped by the simple expedient of lying down in a clump of grass.

 



In order to  
it is  important to 
can be used to
In this essay the role of
are an important tool that
and therefore
can be a powerful way of 
it is critical that
otherwise
For example, 
 such as
 In this way
 plays a similarly important role by 
 A further important consideration for 
 In summary,
 be applied
 There is little doubt that
  is strongly influenced by 
  These are reasons with limited merit as moost
   It is sometimes used as a tool to convince peo
 unnecessarily high prices to
  including the need to prove that 
  plays a key role in providing a secure environment for individuals and future generations. 
  For this reason it is very important to give children the opportunity to
  This gives parents a great deal of control over 
  The challenge for parents is to c
  This approach is very important for chi
   play a key role in
one of the few or
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


cars = motor vehicles
．companies = businesses
．teenagers = adolescents
．the development = the growth/ expansion of
．the government should = the authorities ought to
．should not be allowed = should be banned
．to put people off from =to deter/prevent people from
．solve the problem = resolve the issue
．causes = reasons
．such as = for instance
．beneficial = adventageous
．negative impact = detrimental/ damaging/ harmful effect
但，注意，對於專有名詞的替換，要很小心相近而非相同的概念，例如town(小鎮) vs city(城市) vs metropolitan(大都會)，vegetarian(仍會吃蛋/奶的素食者) vs vegan (完全素食者)。

utmost
utmost UK  [ˈʌt.məʊst] US  [-moʊst] (formal uttermost UK [ˈʌt.əˌməʊst] US [ˈʌ.t ̬ɚmoʊst]) adjective before noun
used to emphasize how important or serious something is
• a matter of the utmost importance
• The situation needs to be handled with the utmost care.
Thesaurus+: ↑Serious and severe ↑Severe
 
noun only singular (also uttermost)
the greatest amount or extent possible
• The new model of the car offers the utmost in power and performance.
Thesaurus+: ↑Maximum and minimum
Idiom: do your utmost
From Longman DOCE 5th Ed. (En-En)
utmost
I. ut‧most1 /ˈʌtməʊst $ -moʊst/ BrE  AmE  (also uttermost) adjective
[Language: Old English; Origin: utmæst 'farthest out', from ut 'out']
the utmost importance/respect/care etc the greatest possible importance etc:
 a matter of the utmost importance
 I have the utmost respect for her accomplishments.
 Baldwin treated the matter with the utmost seriousness.
II. utmost2 BrE  AmE  noun [singular]
the most that can be done
to the utmost
 Both runners had pushed themselves to the utmost.
 The medical staff did their utmost (=tried as hard as they could) to save the patient’s life.
 
 ．It is of utmost importance (n.)= It is very important (adj.)…
 ．The plan was implemented(v.) successfully (adv)=The successful (adj) implementation (n.)…
．we can solve (v.) this problem by = the solution (n.) of this problem is
．rapidly (adv) increased (v.) = a rapid (adj) increase (n.) in
．continue to develop (v.) = continue developing (n.) = continue the development (n.)
．has invaded (v.) = is an invasion (n.) of

Many people believe that… = It is generally believed that…
．Passive轉Active:
$3 million was invested in… = The company invested $3 million in …


It is rather difficult to say whether the tourism will be revived during this summer.
→ Whether the tourism will be revived during this summer, it is rather difficult to say.
(2) 倒裝句
Such measures could not only help revive the economy, but also improve the living quality of the citizens.
→ Not only could such measures revive the economy, but also improve the living quality of the citizens.
(3) 用relative clause
The authorities should adopt these measures. These measures can help…
→ The authorities should adopt these measures which can help…
The authorities should adopt these measures. Under these measures, citizens can…
→ The authorities should adopt these measures under which citizens can…

Nowadays, more and more foreign students are going to English-speaking countries to study the international language — English
Paraphrase:
．There is a growing number of (同義詞+詞性adj→n.) international (同義詞) students who (relative clause) are learning (同義詞+改詞性) English in English-speaking countries in recent times(同義詞). (重組句子結構)

．The project was successfully implemented, resulting in various benefits to the companies in the city.
Paraphrase:
．Businesses (同義詞) in the city were benefited (active→passive) in a variety of ways (詞性adj→n) from the successful (詞性adv.→adj.) implementation (詞性v→n.) of the project. (重組句子結構)
How can you do paraphrasing?
There are different methods of paraphrasing sentences:

1. Use Synonyms
One of the effective ways of paraphrasing is to replace some words in the sentence with synonyms. For example,
Crime needs to be controlled as it affects development of a city.

It is necessary to control violence in the city as it hampers its growth.

2. Change Active to Passive Voice
Changing the voice of sentence from active to passive is another good method of paraphrasing a sentence. For example,
Government should implement the changes in policies as quickly as possible.

The changes in policies should be implemented by the government as soon as possible.

3. Change order of words/phrases

The simplest way of paraphrasing is to change the order of words in a sentence. For example,
The status of women in the society has changed a lot for the past few years.

In the society, there has been a drastic change in the status of women for the last few years.

Practice Questions
Technology has benefitted the mankind in different ways.
Teams of engineers built battle-worthy robots which fought against each other.
There were two million computer misuse offences and 3.8 million fraud offences in the 12 months to the end of March – suggesting fraud is the most common type of crime.
Last year Vocalink reported £182m revenue as it processed more than 11 billion transactions. As well as the UK, its technology is also used in Sweden, Singapore, Thailand and the US. The 18 banks that currently own Vocalink will retain a 7.6% share for three years and could receive an extra £169m depending on future targets.
Telehouse North confirmed that its network had been affected by a tripped circuit breaker but that engineers were now on site. BT said that connectivity returned to normal by 13:45 BST, though some larger businesses may still have problems. There were reports of other organisations experiencing connectivity trouble, including HMRC.
Sample Answers:
Technology has brought benefits to the humans in various ways.
Engineers teamed up to build combative robots which battled against each other.
Fraud was found to be the most common crime from the fact that there were 2 million and 3.8 million cases of offences related to fraud and misuse of computer respectively reported by the end of March, in the period of one year.
With the number of processed transactions reaching over 11 billion, Vocalink earned £182m last year. Its technology is also used by countries such as Singapore, Thailand, Sweden and the US, apart from the UK. The 18 banks currently owning Vocalink will possess 7.6% share for the period of three years and depending on the targets achieved in the future, they can also earn £169m extra.
It was confirmed by Telehouse North that a tripped circuit breaker had affected its network but engineers reached on site to resolve the fault. It was informed by BT that connectivity issue was back to normal by 13:45 BST though some of the large businesses may still experience some issues. Other organisations including HMRC were also facing connectivity issues according to the reports.




Some people say History is one of the most important school subjects. Other people think that, in today’s world, subjects like Science and Technology are more important than History. Discuss both these views and give your own opinion. Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.

There have been different voices about the importance difference in stem subjects such as science and technology or humanitarian subjects such as history.  I agree that science and technology play a crucial role in our current society and drives productivity, but history is equally important, if not more, in doing a job of giving students humanitarian and cultural wisdom.

In terms of innovation and productivity,  science and technology play such a critical role. Throughout entire human history, it is the driving force of people society to evolve from agricultural society to industrialized society, and to our today's information age. Without science and technology being taught in school, we as a society can not progress. Apart from this, students with a solid science and technology background can easily find a job in today's highly competitive job market. Furthermore, In this digital era, everyone should have the know-how to be functioning in society.

However, the reasons above do not mean that science and technology are more important than history. History, on the other hand, teach us lessons that we should always remember collectively, such as the Nanjing massacre and WWII, these historical events are always reminding us that we would not make the same mistakes that we have done in the past. Moreover, when we are learning history, we know more about our culture and be more aware of preserving our cultural heritage. with this heritage, the human race will have more recognition of their own identity and sense of nation.

In summary, both stem classes such as science and technology and humanitarian classes such as history play an equally important role in our school curriculum. We learn science and technology to know more about our physical world and be more productive, and we learn history to have more knowledge about our history and be more humane.



Some people think that parents should teach children how to be good members of society. Others, however, believe that school is the place to learn this. Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

A child's education has never been about learning information and basic skills only. It has always included teaching the next generation how to be good members of society. Therefore, this cannot be the responsibility of the parents alone.

In order to be a good member of any society the individual must respect and obey rules of their community and share their values. Educating children to understand the need to obey rules and respect others always begins in the home and is widely thought to be the responsibility of parents. They will certainly be the first to help children learn what is important in life, how they are expected to behave and what role they will play in their world.

However learning to understand and share the value system of a whole society cannot be achieved just in the home. Once a child goes to school, they are entering a wider community where teachers and peers will have just as much influence as their parents do at home. At school children will experience working and living with people from a whole variety of backgrounds from the wider society. This experience should teach them how to co-operate with each other and how to contribute to the life of their community.

In conclusion, to be a valuable member of any community is not like learning a simple skill. It is something that an individual goes on learning throughout life and it is the responsibility of every member of a society to take responsibility for helping the younger generation to become active and able members of that society.

------------------------------------------

Today more people are travelling than ever before Why is this the case? What are the benefits of travelling for the traveller?

Today more people are travelling than ever before. The reasons for this increase are many and varied. 

On a simplistic level, there is a larger number of means of transportation - there are more cars, buses and trains in operation. However, the sheer number of transportation means is not enough to explain this increase. The cost of travelling; even though it is at present increasing due to an economic slowdown globally; is relatively affordable to many people. This affordability is further enhanced by the use of credit cards and loans in order to fund travel, especially for holiday purposes. An increase of travel companies in competition with each other has also helped bring package prices down, while an increase in the number of operating flights globally has also increased, giving rise to falling air-fare prices. In addition, people now have more leisure time and disposable incomes. The combination of these two variables with unrelenting advertising campaigns from travel companies and cruise ship operators arguably leads to an increase in the number of people travelling, in this case for holiday purposes.

Another reason why people travel is going to work. More than ever before, people are travelling greater distances to get to work. Large industrial sites for both service and production industries are tending to be located outside city areas. This invariably leads to increases in the number of people travelling locally. 

In conclusion, there are many reasons why more people are travelling both internationally and locally, for business and for leisure. What is sure is that this increase is likely to continue until travelling at current rates is no longer economically viable.
--------------------------------------------------
Nowadays many people choose to be self-employed rather than to work for a company or organization.
why might this be the case?
what could be the disadvantages of being self-employed?

Most contemporary economies allow such a model of employment as being self-employed, which appears very tempting for many. However, still the vast majority of people opt for being employed in a company and not to set up their own business. This essay will attempt to look into the key factors as to why people may prefer entrepreneurship and major drawbacks to it.

To start with, in many modern societies, including Russian, entrepreneurship is greatly encouraged with lots of business seminars and workshops advertised. These may range from slightly fraudulent to genuinely educational and supportive, and generally any information on setting up a company is easily accessible for those who are willing. And willing they are, as being a business person, the image itself has a certain feel of luxury, respectability and success. People are being told that they have no limits and can easily become as wealthy as a Steve Jobs if they wish it.

This first reason is linked to the second, which is relevant for Russia and some other counties. Bank loans are accessible too, and they are largely eagerly granted. If a future business person truly knows their business, it poses no threat. Nevertheless, easy access to setting up a company for someone inexperienced or insensible may cause a range of problems.

Apparently, the first issue that may perplex an unskilled entrepreneur is the necessity to be a jack of all trades (if the company is very small). Having taken the responsibilities of an accountant, PR or HR manager at the same time can be a burden and make the person wish they had never done it at all. If they hire other people to perform these tasks, they must pay more tax and provide their employees with decent working conditions. At the same time, business is usually a risky matter and in our competitive reality many of them go bankrupt. And last, but not least - self-employed people are the only people responsible for their own vacations, sick or maternity leaves or any job perks.

In a nutshell, being your own master has many downsides, that is why many people decide play it safe.