Improvements in health, education and trade are essential for the development of poorer nations. 
However, the governments of richer nations should take more responsibility for helping the poorer 
nations in such areas. 
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this opinion?  
Model Answer: 
Many underdeveloped countries nowadays face serious problems trying to provide their 
citizens with decent education and health facilities, as well as in other areas like trade. 
However, I disagree that developed nations ought to support these countries, and think 
they should try to stand on their own feet instead. (49 words) 
It is usually possible for poor countries to raise enough money to overcome their 
predicaments since the source of their shortcomings is usually deep corruption and 
domestic mismanagement, which have resulted in their funds being embezzled by 
dishonest officials and their affairs in areas like education, health and trade run by 
unqualified authorities. If they are in need of support in such areas, they should first 
make an effort to eradicate the abovementioned issues before asking for aid from the 
outside world. (82 words) 
Furthermore, the money that the governments of developed countries have belongs to 
their citizens because it originates from their taxes, customs duties, and national 
resources. It should therefore be spent on providing better facilities like health centres and 
universities, and improving business environments for their own citizens, not for people 
living elsewhere in the world. (55 words) 
Some may argue that the decline in living conditions in developing countries could result 
in the migration of their citizens to developed countries in search of a better life, which 
involves serious financial and cultural concerns for rich nations. However, public 
investment in improving border control and defense structures can render these concerns 
insignificant. (54 words) 
In conclusion, I think developed countries should not aid poor countries, as their funds 
should be invested in the betterment of life for their own citizens. Undeveloped nations 
can often overcome their shortcomings in commerce, health and education on their own 
through eliminating corrupt officials and improving their management practices. (50 words) 


 
Countries are becoming more and more similar because people are able to buy the same products 
anywhere in the world.  
Do you think this is positive or negative development?  
Model Answer: 
I think it is beneficial that goods like food, cars, furniture and clothes that are produced 
in a certain part of the world are now available almost everywhere, which means the 
similarities between various countries are growing. (37 words) 
People in different regions now have access to products they could not use before. There 
are numerous goods that are produced only in certain parts of the world, which means 
that people living in other places could not normally take advantage of them in the past. 
For example, bananas and pineapples are grown in tropical countries and so, did not use 
to be available to consumers in colder countries like Russia and Canada. Nevertheless, 
most people in such countries are now able to buy and eat these beneficial fruits. (89 words) 
Furthermore, people can now migrate to different countries with less fear of becoming 
homesick since the products they are used to are now available in shops wherever they 
go. For instance, Iranian immigrants could not cook their national dish, Ghormesabzi, in 
other parts of the globe because the specific vegetables required were not grown there. 
However, as they can access all these ingredients in shops and supermarkets around the 
world today, they do not miss a significant part of their cultural heritage anymore, 
allowing them to work and live more productively. (91 words) 
Some may argue that the global spread of similar goods and the growing similarity 
between countries can reduce people’s motivation to travel to other parts of the world, 
decreasing tourism and the revenue it brings to countries. But I think people will still 
travel to see and experience the natural features of other countries like forests, 
mountains and wildlife. (59 words) 
In conclusion, I believe the growing similarity between countries around the world is a 
desirable development. People can now take advantage of beneficial goods from other 
countries, and immigrants can be less stressed and more productive. (46 words) 
Total: 312 words 
 
 
 Some people argue that it is not wise for an industry to replace its experienced but old workers 
with new and young yet inexperienced individuals.  
To what extent do you agree or disagree?  
Model Answer: 
INTRODUCTION: 
Nowadays, almost every company tends to retire its employees once they have reached a certain 
age. I completely agree with this practice and believe elderly staff need to be replaced with 
younger workers despite the difference in their work experience. (40 words) 
OR 
In the past people would often work in their businesses until they died or were no longer able to 
continue, whereas today most industries have set a definite retirement age for their employees. I 
think replacing elderly staff with young recruits is a wise practice. (44 words) 
Body: 
First and foremost, a large majority of workers lose their strength as they become older. This is 
mainly because the human body has limits, and working for a long time, say, 30 or 35 years, can 
affect it negatively. For example, young industrial workers tend to work for five to six hours before 
they take breaks while older ones usually need to rest every one or two hours. This means that 
productivity levels would certainly decline. (76 words)  
Furthermore, new employment opportunities for young people are very limited. Most companies do 
not offer more than a few new jobs every year and try not to increase their staff members 
dramatically to keep expenses low. Consequently, they should definitely lay off some of the older 
personnel to make room for younger ones, especially those around 20 to 30 years old who are 
about to form families and support them. (70 words)  
Some may argue that removing older workers from the workplace will deprive younger workers of 
what they can teach them in terms of experience and skills. However, I think the old workers’ 
experience is usually out of date and is of little use to new recruits who need to learn how to 
employ modern technologies such as computers and lasers. (60 words) 
Conclusion 
In conclusion, I think companies need to force their elderly workforce to retire and employ 
younger workers to replace them to improve productivity, have up-to-date workers and provide 
jobs for young people. (32 words) 


Every year several languages die out. Some people think that this is not important because life will 
be easier if there are fewer languages in the world.  
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this opinion?  
Model Answer: 
As the global trend toward globalism and the use of a lingua franca grows, local languages 
continue to perish. I think although a smaller number of languages can make life easier, it 
is important to try and preserve all languages. (40 words) 
On the one hand, when fewer languages are in use, communication tends to become easier 
in most cases. It will be really convenient if one can talk with others from various parts of 
the world without the need for a live translator or special software for assistance. This 
means that different nations around the globe are likely to be able to cooperate more 
closely if fewer languages are in use. For instance, a conference at the United Nations will 
be more convenient and productive for politicians if they all can communicate using a 
limited set of languages, or perhaps even one, instead of having to wait for translations to 
come through. Consequently, better results are likely to be achieved more quickly, and 
many issues could be resolved as a result of better mutual understanding. (134 words) 

On the other hand, every language represents the culture within which it has developed. It 
reflects the lifestyle and traditions of the people who use it to communicate within the 
context of their daily lives, and it is the foundation of their folklore and literature. 
Although some might argue that these could be translated into more common languages 
like English or Chinese, it is quite unlikely that the exact meaning of each phrase, 
expression, idiom, proverb or poem can be translated. This means that once a nations’ 
language has died out, a significant portion of its culture and history is lost with it, leaving 
them with a weaker cultural and national identity. (112 words) 

In conclusion, I believe even though the fall in the number of languages in use allows people 
to communicate more conveniently, making their lives less complicated, it is still 
important for every language to be saved from extinction so that the culture, history and 
literature of all nations are protected. (50 words) 


 
Some people think governments should spend less money on arts and invest more in education.  
How far do you agree or disagree with this opinion?  
Model Answer: 
Many governments today allocate significant portions of their national budgets to the 
development and protection of arts. I think this is necessary and governments should not 
curb art budgets, although it is vital that more money is spent on education, as well. 
(42 words) 
Decreasing public financial support for art would definitely leave normal people with little 
or no access to original fine art pieces. High art is immensely sought and supported by the 
private sector in most parts of the world, with art galleries and agents investing heavily in 
famous professional artists so that they can sell their works to wealthy private collectors. 
Therefore, if the government stops investing in this sector, there will practically be no 
paintings, sculptures or other forms of art available for ordinary citizens to enjoy, which 
can not only diminish their pursuit of beauty and perfection, but also leave them more 
depressed and passive, even vulgar. (108 words) 
However, education plays a crucial role in the development of a country. More educated 
and skillful citizens can contribute greatly to a country’s progress since its industries, 
healthcare system and defense capabilities rely mostly on its progress in different fields of 
science and technology, which in turn requires skillful teachers, advanced computers and 
better-equipped laboratories. This means that the more money is spent on educational 
facilities and equipment and the more budget is allocated to supporting students and 
educators, the more likely it is for a country to develop. (87 words) 
In conclusion, I think governments ought to maintain their financial support for arts while 
increasing education budgets, ensuring both continued access to fine arts for their citizens 
and sustained development for their countries. (33 words) 
Total: 270 words 






 
Some people believe that professional workers such as doctors and teachers should be paid more 
than sports and entertainment personalities. 
To what extent do you agree or disagree?  
Model Answer: 

Salary is an issue that many people have strong opinions about, and the pay gap between 
top entertainers and sports stars on the one hand, and professionals in vital service 
sectors such as medicine and education on the other, has been quite controversial for 
some time now. However, I personally think that, except in certain cases, the latter 
group do not necessarily deserve higher pays than the former. (68 words) 
One reason is that the cash flow of service sectors is significantly lower than that of sports 
and entertainment industries. People willingly spend trillions of dollars every year buying 
tickets to sports matches, concerts and movies, while the revenue in service sectors like 
education or medicine originates mainly from households in need of their services. And 
even then, those services have to be provided at a discount to guarantee proper access for 
all citizens regardless of their financial status. This means that the funds available to 
service providers like doctors or teachers is a fraction of what is available to sports stars, 
actors and singers. (104 words) 

Additionally, unlike in sports and entertainment where people with certain talents are 
chosen or may accidentally be discovered and hurled into stardom, people in service 
professions tend to make informed choices regarding their careers. In other words, one 
usually chooses to become a teacher or doctor, knowing how much one can hope to earn 
and what the chances of living a life of luxury are for someone in their business. (70 words) 


That being said, there are certain professionals that truly deserve to receive salaries 
higher than, or at least as high as, those paid to celebrity players or entertainers. This 
includes doctors who make breakthrough medical discoveries, invent novel methods to 
cure diseases or make other substantial contributions to medical sciences. Likewise, 
contributions such as developing more effective teaching approaches should warrant 
celebrity-level wages for educators who make them. (68 words) 

In conclusion, I do not believe that doctors or educators should receive higher wages than 
celebrity singers, sports players or actors unless they have made significant contributions 
to their fields. (30 words) 


 
Some people think universities should accept equal numbers of male and female students in every 
subject. Others believe that this is an unacceptable policy.  
Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.  
Model Answer: 
INTRODUCTION: 
The issue of keeping a balance between the numbers of female and male students in universities 
has been discussed by many, and although some say such a policy should be implemented in all 
subjects, others, including myself, believe that it is not beneficial. (43 words) 
OR 
Gender equality is a major issue in education today and some believe keeping a balance between 
the numbers of female and male students in all university subjects to be a good means of achieving 
it. However, I, like many others, think that it is not beneficial. (46 words) 
Body: 
Admitting a similar number of students from each gender in some courses will probably render 
many of them unable to find a job later. For example, most areas of agriculture are too 
burdensome for almost any woman in that they involve heavy physical activities and their working 
environment is affected significantly by the elements. Therefore, it is unlikely for a woman to be 
able to find a farming job once she has graduated in, say, agricultural engineering. Besides, such a 
policy would definitely bar many talented and enthusiastic applicants from studying their favourite 
courses merely because there may not be enough students from the opposite sex to join the course. 
(110 words)  
Some people think that accepting similar numbers of male and female students in all subjects 
promotes gender equality, as well as breaking the social taboos attached to studying courses that 
are usually prescribed to a specific gender. However, forcing students to study something they may 
not like, or stopping others from studying what they like in order to keep a balance does not seem 
fair at all. Social taboos are not broken in the short term either, and it is more probable that the 
students who study in fields that are taboo for their gender are rejected and sidelined in the 
process. (102 words)  
Conclusion 
In conclusion, I personally disagree with accepting an equal number of boys and girls in any subject 
at university since it can complicate finding jobs later and promote gender bias, stopping 
enthusiastic applicants from entering the courses they like because of their sex. (43 words) 

Cumulus clouds are clouds which have flat bases and are often described as "puffy", "cotton-like" or "fluffy" in appearance. ... Normally, cumulus clouds produce little or no precipitation, but they can grow into the precipitation-bearing congestus or cumulonimbus clouds.


Some people consider that the loss of individual species of plants and animals is the main environmental problem of our time. Attempts to preserve rare or dying species are carried out in zoos or other specialist plant and animal facilities, through breeding programmes, preservation orders and other forms of protection and there was genuine sadness among many when the last surviving white rhino died earlier this year.

Survival of the fittest is nature’s way of ruthlessly allowing weaker specimens to die out, although mankind has also contributed to falling animal numbers through hunting and poaching. However, whether saving individual species should be the main focus of environmental protection is debatable. Climate change and excessive use of plastic are just two other major problems that deserve our attention.

The evidence of climate change is there for us all to see: rising sea levels and associated flooding with the loss of homes at low land levels are becoming more frequent. Many countries and island communities are now calling for urgent action to delay, halt or even reverse the process, although if we believe the experts, reversal is impossible. Habitable areas are gradually shrinking, often for some of the poorest groups of people, but there seems to be little obvious action taking place. If the major contributors to climate change will not support the reduction of greenhouse gases, there is little hope for the future.

Naturalists have also begun to expose the serious problems arising from discarded plastic waste. Birds and animals can die gruesome deaths through being trapped or caught up in plastic bags or ropes, while the long process required for these plastics to decay means that they remain a threat for many years to come. Worse, there is now beginning to be evidence of sea creatures ingesting smaller globules of disintegrating plastic, which harms them and all the other creatures in their particular food chain.

The loss of particular species, both flora and fauna, is cause for regret, but I do not agree that they are the most important environmental problems these days. If climate change and damage from plastic continue, there will be less land and less food for everyone, including plants and animals.

































