Some people say History is one of the most important school subjects. Other people think that, in today’s world, subjects like Science and Technology are more important than History. Discuss both these views and give your own opinion. Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.

There have been different voices about the difference of importance in STEM subjects such as science and technology or humanitarian subjects such as history.  I agree that science and technology play a crucial role in our current society and drives productivity, but history is equally important, if not more, in doing a job of giving students humanitarian and cultural wisdom.

In terms of innovation and productivity,  science and technology play such a critical role. Throughout entire human history, it is the driving force of people society to evolve from agricultural society to industrialized society, and to our today's information age. Without science and technology being taught in school, we as a society can not progress. Apart from this, students with a solid science and technology background can easily find a job in today's highly competitive job market. Furthermore, In this digital era, everyone should have the know-how to be functioning in society.

However, the reasons above do not mean that science and technology are more important than history. History, on the other hand, teach us lessons that we should always remember collectively, such as the Nanjing massacre and WWII, these historical events are always reminding us that we would not make the same mistakes that we have done in the past. Moreover, when we are learning history, we know more about our culture and be more aware of preserving our cultural heritage. with this heritage, the human race will have more recognition of their own identity and sense of nation.

In summary, both STEM classes such as science and technology and humanitarian classes such as history play an equally important role in our school curriculum. We learn science and technology to know more about our physical world and be more productive, and we learn history to have more knowledge about our history and be more humane.