hold out
hold out phrasal verb [held out held out held out holds out holding out]
1. to continue to defend yourself against an enemy or attack without being defeated
• They won't be able to hold out much longer under this sort of bombardment.
Thesaurus+: ↑Responding to an attack
 
SUPPLY OF STH
2. If a supply of something such as food or money holds out, there is enough of it to last for a particular period of time.
Thesaurus+: ↑Continue and last ↑Enough
Main entry: holdphrasal verb
From Longman DOCE 5th Ed. (En-En)
hold out
hold out phrasal verb (see also ↑hold)
1. hold out something to think or say that something is possible or likely to happen, especially something good
not hold out much hope/hold out little hope
 Negotiators aren’t holding out much hope of a peaceful settlement.
hold out the prospect/promise of something
 alternative methods which hold out the promise of improved health
2. if a supply of something holds out, there is still some left:
 Water supplies won’t hold out much longer.
3. to continue to successfully defend a place that is being attacked:
 The rebels held out for another night but then fresh forces arrived.
4. to try to prevent yourself from doing something that someone is trying to force you to do
hold out against
 I didn’t know how much longer I could hold out against their relentless questioning.
 
notify
no‧ti‧fy /ˈnəʊtəfaɪ, ˈnəʊtɪfaɪ $ ˈnoʊ-/ BrE  AmE  verb (past tense and past participle notified, present participle notifying, third person singular notifies) [transitive]
[Date: 1300-1400; Language: Old French; Origin: notifier, from Late Latin notificare, from Latin notus; ⇨ ↑notice2]
to formally or officially tell someone about something SYN inform
notify somebody of something
 You will be notified of any changes in the system.
notify somebody that
 In August we were notified that our article had been rejected.
• • •
THESAURUS
■ to officially tell someone
▪ inform to officially tell someone about something: Do you think we ought to inform the police? | Doctors should inform patients about the possible side effects of any drugs they prescribe.
▪ announce to tell people publicly and officially about something: The university chancellor announced his resignation on Friday. | It was announced that the company had made a profit of $6 billion.
▪ report to officially tell someone about something that has happened: She was able to report that the project was nearly finished.
▪ notify formal to tell someone officially about something that has happened or that is planned to happen: Staff were notified several months in advance that they would be losing their jobs.


4. in/with reference to something formal used to say what you are writing or talking about, especially in business letters:
 I am writing to you in reference to the job opening in your department.
 
 
 I am writing to ask if I could please be given another room in college.   
 I would be most grateful if you could please give me a room by myself or a room sharing with a student who 
is quiet.   
I look forward to hearing from you and thank you in advance for your help.


▪ place spoken informal the house, apartment, or room where someone lives: We went to Sara’s place after the movie. | He’s just bought a fantastic place right by the sea.
▪ residence formal the house or apartment where someone lives, especially a large or official one: The Prime Minister’s official residence is 10 Downing Street. | His wife transferred her main residence to Spain.
▪ holiday home British English, vacation home American English a house that someone owns by the sea, in the mountains etc, where they go for their holidays: They bought a luxury holiday home in Spain.