Most cities now have pedestrian precincts and from time to time cities are in the news because cars have been temporarily banned from the centre to reduce pollution. However, no town council has yet had the courage to completely prohibit private
          motor vehicles from entering the city centre. There are several reasons why 
		  I believe
		  
		   this should be done.
		   The most important reason is
		    pollution from car exhausts, which damages people's health causing respiratory diseases such as asthma
          and bronchitis. At the same time, traffic fumes attack the stonework of historic monuments and buildings, while the vibrations from passing vehicles damage their foundations. This, 
		  ,
          has happened to many old cathedrals in Europe.
		  
		   why I am 
		   in favour of
		             cars being banned is in order to reduce the noise pollution from traffic. This forces people to keep their windows permanently closed and may cause psychological problems, including stress and depression, among people living in busy streets.
					 
					  is that most cities were not designed for motor traffic. 
					  
					  A good example of this is           the historic centre of Valencia, which has narrow streets and few facilities for parking. As a result, traffic moves very slowly and there are frequent traffic jams. Beautiful buildings are spoilt by always having cars parked in front of them
          and pretty streets become unpleasant due to permanent traffic congestion and exhaust fumes.
		  Finally, 
		  
		   that if cars were banned, people would find other more pleasant ways to move around cities. 
		   
		             they would walk or use bicycles as these would once more become safe and enjoyable activities within the city. This in turn would bring about a general improvement in people's health.
					 
					 In conclusion, therefore, 
					 
					 I strongly support the idea
					 
					  that traffic should be banned from city centres, as this would enable people to rediscover
          cities as pleasant and healthy places to live.