butter up
phrasal verb of butter
INFORMAL
flatter or praise someone as a means of gaining their help or support.
"don't try and butter me up in order to get privileged information"

a hotbed of sth
a place or situation where a lot of a particular activity, especially an unwanted or unpleasant activity, is happening or might happen
• The police department was a hotbed of corruption.
• In the 60's the city was a hotbed of crime.

up to
Next to; near; towards; as far as.
Go up to the counter and ask.
I've read up to chapter 5.
Capable of.
Are you up to lifting something that heavy?
Ready for.
Are you up to the challenge?
Willing to participate in.
Are you up to going to the beach?
As much as; no more than.
You can make up to five copies.
Until.
Up to that point, I liked her.
For the option or decision of.
It’s up to you whether to get the blue one or the red one.
Doing; involved in.
What are you up to today?
He looked like a man up to no good.
Incumbent upon; the obligation of; the duty of.
It's up to the prosecution to prove that the defendant is guilty.
(mathematics) Considering all members of an equivalence class the same.

English Wikipedia has an article on:
up to
Wikipedia
There’s only one rooted tree with two leaves, up to ordering.
Within the authority or jurisdiction of.
(archaic, slang) Familiar with the meaning of; able to understand.
1836-37, Charles Dickens, The Pickwick Papers
‘Oh,’ said Mr. Pickwick. ‘My what, did you say?’
‘Your chummage ticket,’ replied Mr. Roker; ‘you’re up to that?’
‘Not quite,’ replied Mr. Pickwick, with a smile.
‘Why,’ said Mr. Roker, ‘it’s as plain as Salisbury. You’ll have a chummage ticket upon twenty-seven in the third, and them as is in the room will be your chums.’

throw the book at
phrase of book
INFORMAL
charge or punish (someone) as severely as possible.

make off with
make off with something phrasal verb [not in passive] informal (see also ↑make)
to steal something and take it away with you:
 Thieves broke into the school and made off with computer equipment worth £40,000.
 
 take for (third-person singular simple present takes for, present participle taking for, simple past took for, past participle taken for)
To regard as.
Does he take me for a fool?
To consider mistakenly.
Sorry, I took you for someone else.
(colloquial) To defraud; to rip off.
Pinkett angry that George betrayed trust, took him for $100K.

pin (something) on (somebody/something)
pin something on somebody/something phrasal verb (see also ↑pin)
1. to blame someone for something, often unfairly:
 Don’t try to pin the blame on me!
 They’re trying to pin the murder on the boyfriend.
2. pin your hopes/faith on something/somebody to hope that something will happen or someone will help you, because all your plans depend on this:
 Chris is pinning his hopes on getting into Yale.
 
 
 paint the town red
paint the town ˈred idiom
(informal) to go to a lot of different bars, clubs, etc. and enjoy yourself
Main entry: ↑paintidiom
From UrbanDictionary
paint the town red
1paint the town redTo engage in a wild spree.

Origin: The alussion is to the kind of riotous behavior that results in red blood being spilt.
K: I'm pissed. Wanna go paint the town red tonight?
J: Let's do it.

the works
the works INFORMAL
▸ F0 everything that you might want or expect to find in a particular situation:
» The bridegroom was wearing a morning suit, gloves, top hat - the works.
» MAINLY US And let me have two large pizzas with the works (= with all available types of food on top).


under the gun
under the ˈgun idiom
(NAmE, informal) experiencing a lot of pressure
• I'm really under the gun today.
Main entry: ↑gunidiom
From Dictionary of American Slang and Colloquial Expressions
under the gunmod. under pressure; under scrutiny. I've been under the gun on this one long enough. They've got the boss under the gun to get this thing wound up by Saturday.
From UrbanDictionary
under the gun
1under the gundescribing someone who is under intense or extreme pressure.
I was under the gun to get that project done on time.
2under the gunThe first person to act in a betting round of poker.
I was under the gun with a pair of jacks.