Public trasportation system plays an extreamely crutial role in a morden city. Useful they might be, there are centain limitaions that exists within the public trasportation system. In this essay both the advantages and disadvantages of public trasportation will be discussed.

To start with , the public trasportation system act as the most efficent way of moving a large amount of people from one place to another. For example, cities like New York, if not for the numerous subways and buses trasporting millions of people in peaking hours, the whole city would not function properly. Moreover, public trasportation offers people a affordable way to travel. People of lower income would not be able to afford a private vehicle, public trasportation is their only option to move around. Futhermore, public trasportation lessens the sevirety of traffic congestion and cut down the carbon emissions of a city. If there is no public trasportation, the city would be much more congested and citizens would have to bear more sevire air quility.

That is not to say public trasportation is not without its shortcommings. One prominient problem of public trasportation is that it could cost more time for its citizens. Usually people need to make several transits to get to their destination, which collectively would be a large quantity of time wasted on the road. Also, public vehicles are usually croweded especially in large cities, making it an unpleasant experience when people commute.

In summary, public trasportation is one crutial part of a modern city. It has its benefits of trasporting a large quantity of people in a short time frame, but it still has its downsides and can be improved. People need to make a wise decision when choosing public trasportation or private one.

--------------
grammerly, too many misspellings

The public transportation system plays an extremely crucial role in a modern city. Useful they might be, there are certain limitations that exist within the public transportation system. In this essay, both the advantages and disadvantages of public transportation will be discussed.

To start with, the public transportation system act as the most efficient way of moving a large number of people from one place to another. For example, in cities like New York, if not for the numerous subways and buses transporting millions of people in peaking hours, the whole city would not function properly. Moreover, public transportation offers people an affordable way to travel. People of lower income would not be able to afford a private vehicle, public transportation is their only option to move around. Furthermore, public transportation lessens the severity of traffic congestion and cuts down the carbon emissions of a city. If there is no public transportation, the city would be much more congested and citizens would have to bear more severe air quality.

That is not to say public transportation is not without its shortcomings. One prominent problem of public transportation is that it could cost more time for its citizens. Usually, people need to make several transits to get to their destination, which collectively would be a large quantity of time wasted on the road. Also, public vehicles are usually crowded especially in large cities, making it an unpleasant experience when people commute.

In summary, public transportation is one crucial part of a modern city. It has its benefits of transporting a large number of people in a short time frame, but it still has its downsides and can be improved. People need to make a wise decision when choosing public transportation or a private one.