Question:
In their advertising, businesses nowadays usually emphasise that their products are new in some way.
Why is this? Do you think it is a positive or negative development?


My answer:

In the business world, companies tend to emphasize the novel side of their products in order to be more appealing to customers and have stronger sales. While underlining the novelty can be a smart strategy to gain more potential buyers, it might also have some side effects. In this essay, the reason behind this approach, emphasizing novelty, will be discussed and we will give opinions on whether it is a positive or negative development.

Businesses advertise their product by emphasizing the novelty mainly to gain more customers because customers are always looking for something worth their hard-earned money. Take Apple for example, When each generation has some ground-breaking features that can address consumers' needs, people will flock to buy it. On the opposite, if it is just a normal product without appealing new features, people usually hesitate to buy it. Another reason is that it will show that the company is focusing on innovation, creating a positive public image of the company, which itself is a smart PR move, and if it does address the problem that bothers consumers, may create more brand loyalty.

But if this strategy is used incorrectly, it might have some reverse effect. For example, some companies try to scam their consumers by falsely claiming what their product can do, which may trick consumers into buying it for the short term. but eventually will be found by consumers and lose trust. another negative effect is that it might incentivize companies to put more effort into the advertising rather than the product itself, it is common for a product to have a nitch function that is unrelated to its original function, for example, a fridge that can be used as an mp3 player, which focuses on novelty rather than the functionality.

In summary, businesses buy to put more emphasis on the variety of their product in their advertisement mainly to have more consumers, this does have a positive effect if the product and the new feature benefit the consumers, else it is just a waste of resources.



It is becoming increasingly common for companies to place focus on the novelty of their products. In my opinion, this has its basis in the psychology of consumer behavior and is generally a negative development.

The reason many marketing departments present products as new is they are hoping to incentivize increased consumer demand. One of the chief principles of business is that products must meet a real consumer need and, ideally, be unique in some way. For example, advertising for the electronic vehicles made by Tesla highlights that they are different from traditional automobiles and this offers novel benefits for the environment and the individual motorist. This strategy created a niche in the automotive industry that they eventually expanded to become one of the largest companies in the world. It follows that every business attempts to present their products as new to inspire interest and compel demand.

There are exceptions, as in the case of Tesla mentioned above, however, this trend generally leads to disingenuous ads and consumer fatigue. Most companies framing their products as new in some aspect are actually attempting to mislead the public. This is often the case with soft drink companies like Coca Cola and Pepsi that regularly rebrand their bottles and cans to give the appearance of novelty. These tactics are recognizably dishonest and audiences are rarely convinced. In fact, the net effect is that consumers become tired of watching ads for familiar products pretending to be innovative. For many customers this leads to a growing feeling of apathy and disinterest towards the exploitive methods of advertisers.

In conclusion, the reason businesses often present their products as new lies in the importance of consumer psychology and the cynical impact this has in the aggregate is negative. More savvy companies often eschew this trend and produce honest advertisements.