I have always had a unique feeling about computers and programs, I was always wondering how a computer and the Internet can do such a lot of things. But my relationship with computers didn't start until I finished my College Entrance Exam, because as a Chinese student, high school life is tough and by the year 2009, computers are still not common for many families.

I start my first programming course (c language) in my second semester, even though the textbooks and IDEs we used are outdated and what we do mostly happened on the command line, it greatly intrigued me, because I can do something as my wish. Then I wanted something more, I want to see a graphic interface. Then I learned Java by myself.

Back when I was still in college, Google China is still operating and Google is not entirely blocked in mainland China, I was lucky to have the opportunity to search for high-quality tutorials and learn from them. Since Google's exit of China, it became harder and harder to be visited, eventually totally blocked. At campus, we are lucky that we can get access to the IPV6 network, and by replacing the hosts file on my PC, I was still able to get access to information.

When I started my career, I started to use proxy and was able to set up a shadowsocks server on my own overseas VPS and shared it with my coworkers so that we can use Google, GitHub, StackOverflow, and other websites to facilitate our developing process and learn new stuff and debug. Later on, Shadowsocks traffic can be detected by the Great Fire Wall and I changed it to v2ray server.

In retrospect, there are so many obstacles in the way of people learning new skills. While there is a boom during the last 10 years in the smartphone industry and there are many APPs entertaining people, there are few that people can learn new skills and become more productive. As a programmer, I taught myself the programming of Java and Python. Yet still there are nemurous people can't get access to the Internet, textbooks and high-quility tutorials to acquire new skills. While my strength is backend programming, I know basic frontend programming and can design simple UI for websites. I wanted to learn more about Software Design and consolidate my skills and I want to be an entrepreneur and help more people to learn English, learn new skills, etc.