Good evening can you tell me your full name please?

My full name is Zhang Wang 

and how would you like me to call you ?

you can you can call me Frank 

I see and Frank can you tell me where you're from ?

I'm from Hebei and it's a Northern China province and it’s located just a little bit away from Beijing the capital city of China and it's a ,,it's a quite a typical Northern China province.

let's talk about your hometown now can you describe to me your hometown please ?

Actually I am from a small village of this province and it's really far away from the city of Shijiazhuang and errr… actually I grew up there until I was like 18 years old  errr

Are you currently living in your hometown or living outside of your hometown ?

No I'm currently working and living in Shanghai and it's the second largest city in China 

Is there something you don't like about where you live right now ?

 Yeah sure the public transportation is not so great so every time when I ,actually I'm living in the suburban area so when I want to go downtown I actually have to take a bus and then transport mmm transfer to a train and it usually takes me like two hours to go to the downtown area so 

let's talk about the house where you live in what type of house are you living in at the moment ?

Actually I'm renting a apartment and it's not a really fancy apartment and it's basically just some basic furniture mmm, some like a dingy little house and I wouldn't say it's it's really fancy I don't I don't think I will I'm I like it Anyways just serves the basic function of everyday life 

hmm Well what kind of neighborhood would you like to to live in though ?

Actually I really love the neighborhoods when I was a child cause when I was the child I live in village was , the neighbors we all know each other and we play with each other and we we have friends with each other I really love that kind of relationship

and let's talk about your schoolnow how would you describe the school you went to in high school ?

emmm, my high school is actually quite a prestigious school at least in Shijiazhuang and actually I don't really like it because you know the college entrance exam is really stressful in China and I have to study very hard and I have little memory about my high school because I was just I was just studying all day, all day long and I I don't even remember someone my like most interesting moments during that period/

can you remember the buildings so that school ?

emmm… what can I remember is a like a large gym gymnastics building and that is the one that I favorite the most and because I love to do some kind of sports especially after you know to stressful sessions so Usually errrr after class sometimes I will like play ping pong with my classmates or sometimes I will go for a jog around this building so it's a 

would you send your children to that school though ?

No, I wouldn’t want to cause emmmm... first of all I'm not living in that city anymore and secondly I don't want my children to experience what I experienced during the that days cause it's really really stressful and I I want my children to experience a really like lovely and pleasant experience in their high schools like playing sports and do 

now I'm going to give you a topic and I'd like you to talk about it for one to two minutes before you talk you love one minute to think about what you're going to say you can make some notes if you wish do Alright remember you have one to two minutes for this can you start speaking now please ?

okay actually there are my not-long life I havewatched so many TVs and films actually because I'm not a traveler and usually after my work I just open up my Netflix and watched some movies or films that to relax to errr... you know to wind down and there are a lot of films that I really like and today I just want to like introduce you a emmm a film called like intestellar I think it's quite famous a film cause it ranks top on IMDb and I I really love it because it's it's about it's it's a film about a space opera and it's also a a a a film about time travel, and I love this film because it's really oversmart opens up on my mind it's really emmmm, the storyline, the cinematography, it's so beautiful, I I couldn't mmm, it's really gave me an escape during my like stressful days, and I actually watched it a few times cause I was I was so into it and I think  emmm, I think the last time when I watched it I almost cried because you know every time when I watch it there are something more that I discover like the trivial details that I want to that I didn't notice the last time.  so yeah this time.. this is the film that I really like to share with my friends and my colleagues 
 
 thank you can you please put the paper and the ban on the side thank you 
 
 OK
 
 so we've been talking about interstellar the movie that you like watching and let's talk about things related to this.  let's consider first of all people cinema going habits in general. do you think going to the cinema has become more popular in your country' or less popular in recent years? 

I think it will be more popular in the future but in recent years because of the covid pandemic people start to you know there's lots of lockdown in the cinema so people are not really going into the cinema that often but when the pandemic

before the pandemic though, before the pandemic did people go to the cinema often?

yeah I think they go to the cinema quite often because people love to like have some escape during their busy and haptic day and the cimena usually offers people to a cheap way to get away from their realities.

and in the future how do you think what do you think would be or how popular do you think would cinema the cinemas be?

I think there will be more and more popular cause I know that there is a statistics about you know there are more cinema popping up in every city 
 and in every like village people are like experiencing those cinemas those really high tech cinemas right now so I I think I presume that in future even people in those remote areas would enjoy a great like hollywood show.
 
thinking about making a film or TV drama of real events now. are there advantages of making films based on real life a stories or real life events?

 oh yeah there are advantages, cau you know the film is based on a real  life events, people will be more interested in those kind of things and they're mmm people want to know about the world and those kind of films they  not only inform people those kind of events but also they inspire people like those especially those films about the biographies of scientists or like Einstein or something they inspire people to like to invente to make the world a better place also so 
 
 it's really important for filmmakers to remain true to the original story?
 
 sorry what's your question again?

 is it important for filmmakers or producers of films to remain true to the original story of the real life event?
 
 I don't really think so because sometimes the in our real life our tasks our everyday life even those famous people their everyday life is really mundane so the writers of the film generally they they want to make some kind of dramatic effect so they will or use other means like they will write those twists and turns into those films so that people will have a more interest in those films people will have more fun watching those there's more tension in those kinds of films 
 
 thinking about censorship now should films and television be censored or do you think people should be free to choose what they want to see or watch? 

I mean censorship is quite a big problem in certain countries like China but I don't think those films should be censored like at all Some of the films like those really violent ones maybe this should be graded they are not really like they're not really suitable for those children They should not be at to those children but others like films they really like you really present they really give us a present or what 

saying thank you Thank you very much okay that is the end of the test.


