Ok, actually I have seen a lot of film, a lot of TV advertisement during my whole life. and there are some kind of  mmm advertisement that they're really annoying but they do have some kind of effect because people can remember them , there are also those kind of advertisements that they are really creative and inspirational, they want people to go out and do some kind of sports. and today I just wanted to discuss a advertisement that I really like and really get me into doing something, and this advertisement is from Apple. I think it's the, one or the most valuable company in our world, in our world . so this ad is about its newest product airpod, so this is the kind mmm, actually this is kind of a earphone but it's wireless, so when they are promoting this product they really put some sports element into it so I really love it. actually I've been longing for a wireless earphone for a really long time and I just really into sports. and sometimes I goout mmm go for a jog and sometimes go for a cycling alongside the river, and usually when I'm using my old earphone I have to you know deal with the hassle of being sometimes it entangles with my bicycle, with my clothes, so I really think it's so annoying and this one I really, after some kind of determination I bought it at some day

OK. Actually in time China is such a vast country  so actually there are a lot of tourist spots where people go often  to you know just to relax. and I think today I wanna to talk about some mmmm someplace that I really like and it's the bund, acutally it's located in Shanghai and it's actually super super famous for the local people and for other other tourists from mmm from outside the city . and  mmmm and what the most important part is that it's free and people can enjoy the skyline and the and the mmm and the river. it's  quite a scenic spot and actually I have been there for so many times and I returned when I friend come to visit me I will bring them to, bring them with me to to to this place just to like people-watching and sometimes go for a walk. and usually sometimes even when I was alone I go to those, this spot and  sometimes I really I'm really into cycling so there's a designate cycling route where you know the the trees are arching over the path and it's really a unique experience and actually like 20 years ago this place used to be such in a wild state so after 20 years 

okay. actually there are a lot of famous people, even when I was a child I know lot of famous people like the most richest people the like famous actors, actresses, and actually I have one role model when I was a really young  and this person is called Bill Gates, and he used to be one of the richest person in the world. and today he's still one of the richest person. and the reason why he's my role model is that he's really inspires people he's really a smart one and mmm since his high school he mmm like created some stuffs, those programs to sell for a living. and later on he created this company called Microsoft and then lead it and guide it. and then you know, it's not about this mmm, it's not about how smart he is that inspired me but it's also about his entrepreneurship that you know inspired lots of people in our world to, to create their own companies and to provide for people and, since then like , I think since his era or our world has started to change to the information age. and I think maybe one day I want to become him and start my own company and you know not only to become a rich but also to provide something usefull to the people that I love. and also, mmm, but there are some kind of scandals that related to him.

OK, actually during my life I have seen, I have watched, I will read so much magazines and some of them are about famous people, some of them are about movies and  some of them are about mmm like how to raise your own animals.  and today I wanted to talk about a magazine called time. and it's about all the famous people that are influencing all the world. and mmm the reason 1ove this magazine is it's not only about news. you know those newspapers they only focus on the current events but not really the past ones, but this magazine they really offers me a a, some kind of insight into those people people's lives and events that in the past, happened in past. so I don't really know who owns this magazine or who published it but I I bet it's be a, it'll be a American company located in some kind of, somewhere in New York. so actually this magazine the reason why I love it is not only because mmm it's content but also about its form. because I can download it free from the internet the digital copy I think it can circulate all over the world and maybe someday I want to start my own magazine because you know today with, in the information age, everyone can start their own blog and maybe make a collection of their own life and you know make them free for everyone to read.

okay, actually I'm not really a museum goer nor I'm really into art. so actually there are quite a limited number of museums or art galleries that I went to. so this time I want to talk a museum that is  located in Shanghai so it's really near where I'm living. so I love this museum and I actually went there once because you know it's kind of the landmark of Shanghai and so I went there just to check it. and  actually I don't really remember anything from there. I think there's one picture from the ancient times in, of China and it's super super long and I think it's the one or the longest picture I have seen in my whole life. and actually I think this museum is famous not only because of its content but also because its architecture .because it's so unique the architecture. and the people, I think people around the world will recognize it once they spot it. so sometimes I will go along the riverside and sometimes like cycling my bicycle along the Riverside and it's just located near, near there. so I will take my, take a lot of selfies with this museum and upload it to my Instagram and instantly I will get the lot of  thumbs up.

actually I think I have competed in so many like things or whether it's exams or other kind of competitions. and today off the top of my head, the most of important one of course is a colleague entrance exam. and I think it's the most important  moment of every Chinese people. because itis essentially decided everyone's future. and this this exam happened about 10 years ago, and actually when I was a little young, I was still a adolescent. and but I know the importance of this exam and I have mock, so many mock exams in the past. So I thought maybe yeah I will I will like I will pass the exam with flying colors because those mock exams before gave me so much confidence, but that time when I really took it I can't really focus on the exam because you know the the mathematics mmm math exam is so much harder than I took the the other times. so it's really floors me and I really don't know what to expect. so even after exam I couldn't really face the reality. so in the future when I had my when I have my own child I wouldn't want him to 