because of
Explaining reasons
▪ The number of people with diabetes is growing, partly because of ▪ an increase in levels of obesity.
▪ The number of overweight children has increased dramatically in recent years, largely as a result of ▪ changes in diet and lifestyle.
▪ The increase in childhood obesity is largely due to ▪ / the result of ▪ changes in lifestyle and diet over the last twenty years.
▪ Many obese children are bullied at school on account of ▪ their weight.
▪ Part of the problem with treating childhood obesity stems from ▪ the fact that parents do not always recognize that their children are obese.
▪ Childhood obesity may be caused by ▪ genetic factors, as well as environmental ones.

incline
in·cline AW [incline inclines inclined inclining] verb, noun
verb BrE [ɪnˈklaɪn] ; NAmE [ɪnˈklaɪn]  (formal)
1. intransitive, transitive to tend to think or behave in a particular way; to make sb do this
• ~ to/towards sth I incline to the view that we should take no action at this stage.
• Young people incline towards individualistic behaviour.
• ~ to do sth The government is more effective than we incline to think.
• ~ sb to/towards sth Lack of money inclines many young people towards crime.
• ~ sb to do sth His obvious sincerity inclined me to trust him.
2. transitive ~ your head to bend your head forward, especially as a sign of agreement, welcome, etc
• He inclined his head in acknowledgement.
3. intransitive, transitive ~ (sth) (to/towards sth) to lean or slope in a particular direction; to make sth lean or slope
• The land inclined gently towards the shore.

added to this
ˈadded to this… | ˈadd to this… idiom
used to introduce another fact that helps to emphasize a point you have already made
• Add to this the excellent service and you can see why it's the most popular hotel on the island.
Main entry: ↑addidiom

Conversely
substantial
sub·stan·tial BrE [səbˈstænʃl]  NAmE [səbˈstænʃl]  adjective
1. large in amount, value or importance
Syn: ↑considerable
• substantial sums of money
• a substantial change
• Substantial numbers of people support the reforms.
• He ate a substantial breakfast.
• There are substantial differences between the two groups.
• Their share of the software market is substantial.
2. usually before noun (formal) large and solid; strongly built
• a substantial house
• a street of substantial Victorian villas
Word Origin:
[substantial] Middle English: from Old French substantiel or Christian Latin substantialis, from substantia ‘being, essence’, from substant- ‘standing firm’, from the verb substare.
Example Bank:
• There were substantial sums of money involved.
• We were able to see a substantial improvement.

Language Bank:
define
Defining terms
It is important to clarify what is meant by ▪ climate change.
▪ Climate change can ▪ / may be defined as ▪ ‘the long-term fluctuations in temperature, precipitation, wind and other aspects of the earth's climate’.
A generally accepted definition of ▪ global warming is ▪ the gradual increase in the overall temperature of the earth's atmosphere due to the greenhouse effect.
▪ The greenhouse effect is defined ▪ by the author as ▪ the process by which heat from the sun is trapped in the earth's atmosphere, causing the temperature of the earth to rise.
▪ The author uses the term ▪ climate change to refer to ▪ any significant change in measures of climate lasting for an extended period.
The term ▪ ‘carbon footprint’ refers to ▪ the amount of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere as a result of the activities of an individual or organization.
▪ Scientists suggest that increased carbon dioxide in the atmosphere will result in an increase in global temperatures, and the term ▪ ‘global warming’ is used ▪ to describe this phenomenon.
Language Bank at ↑first
Language Bank at ↑first

needless
need‧less /ˈniːdləs/ BrE  AmE  adjective
[Word Family: noun: ↑need, needs, the needy; adjective: ↑needless, ↑needy; verb: ↑need; adverb: ↑needlessly]
1. needless to say used when you are telling someone something that they probably know or expect:
 Needless to say, any contributions of money will be gratefully received.
2. needless troubles, suffering, loss etc are unnecessary because they could easily have been avoided SYN unnecessary:
 The report caused needless anxiety to women who have attended the clinic.
 We need to bring to an end these needless deaths.
 Charles hates needless waste.
—needlessly adverb:
 People are dying needlessly every year of heart attacks.

 however
Ways of saying ‘but’
▪ Politicians have promised to improve road safety. So far, however ▪, little has been achieved.
Despite ▪ clear evidence from road safety studies, no new measures have been introduced.
▪ Politicians have promised to improve road safety. In spite of this ▪ / Despite this ▪, little has been achieved so far.
Although ▪ politicians have promised to improve road safety, little has been achieved so far.
▪ Some politicians claim that the new transport policy has been a success. In fact ▪, it has been a total disaster.
▪ Government campaigns have had a measure of success, but the fact remains that ▪ large numbers of accidents are still caused by careless drivers.
Language Bank at ↑nevertheless

To commence with,

no muss, no fuss
used to say that something can be done without a lot of difficulty
• If we pack tonight, we can leave first thing in the morning - no muss, no fuss.
Thesaurus+: ↑Easiness and simplicity

provided (that)
proˈvided (that) (also providing (that)) conjunction UK  US 
<I > if, or only if
• He's welcome to come along, provided that he behaves himself.
Thesaurus+: ↑Connecting words which express a condition
 
• We'll be there at about 7.30, provided that there's a suitable train.
• Provided that there are enough seats, anyone can come on the trip.
• Provided that the boat leaves on time, we should reach France by morning.

↑Connecting words which express a condition
Connecting words which express a condition Thesaurus+ Level 4 (15)
assuming conjunction
at the risk of doing something idiom
even adverb 3 surprise
granted conjunction
if conjunction 1 in that situation; conjunction 3 in that situation; conjunction 4 in that situation; conjunction 5 whether; conjunction 6 request
lest conjunction
long adverb 3 if
provided conjunction
suppose conjunction 6 need
unless conjunction
whether conjunction 1

mind you
mind (you) idiom
used when you want to make what you have just said sound less strong
• He's very untidy about the house; mind you, I'm not much better.
• I know I'm lazy - I did go swimming yesterday, mind.
Thesaurus+: ↑Connecting words which express a contrast
Main entry: mindidiom
From Oxford Advanced Learners Dictionary 8th Ed.
mind you
ˌmind ˈyou idiom
(informal) used to add sth to what you have just said, especially sth that makes it less strong
• I've heard they're getting divorced. Mind you, I'm not surprised— they were always arguing.
Main entry: ↑mindidiom

on the whole
on the whole idiom
generally
• We have our bad times but on the whole we're fairly happy.
Thesaurus+: ↑General
Main entry: wholeidiom

off the top of your head
off the top of your head idiom
from the knowledge you have in your memory
• "What's the capital of Mauritania?" "I couldn't tell you off the top of my head, but I could go and look it up."
Thesaurus+: ↑Memory and memories
Main entry: topidiom

There's no accounting for taste
There's no accounting for taste. idiom saying
said when it is difficult to explain why different people like different things, especially things which you do not like
• "I love working at weekends." "Well, there's no accounting for taste, is there!"
Thesaurus+: ↑Liking
Main entry: accountidiom
From Oxford Advanced Learners Dictionary 8th Ed.
there's no accounting for taste
there's no accounting for ˈtaste idiom
(saying) used to say how difficult it is to understand why sb likes sb/sth that you do not like at all
• She thinks he's wonderful— oh well, there's no accounting for taste.
Main entry: ↑accountidiom
萝卜青菜各有所爱
↑Describing medical treatment generally
Describing medical treatment generally Thesaurus+ Level 4 (26)
bath noun 5
clinical adjective 1 medical
clinically adverb
first aid noun
first-aider noun
general practice noun
gynaecological adjective
med adjective
medical adjective
medically adverb
medicine noun 1 treatment
orthodox medicine noun
orthopaedic adjective 2
painkilling adjective
post-operative adjective
quackery noun
reconstructive adjective
restorative adjective
soothing adjective 2 less painful
surgical adjective 1; adjective 2; adjective 3
surgically adverb
telemedicine noun
therapeutic adjective
therapy noun

shall we say
Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see shall,‎ we,‎ say.
(parenthesis) Used for making a statement less offensive or as a warning that the description may be imprecise.
(parenthesis) Used as a warning that the description may be imprecise.
Synonym: shall I say

no matter
Irrespective of, regardless of, in spite of.
As an experienced geologist, he can identify any rock no matter where he finds it.
No matter what the excuse, you must not be late.
We can fix your plumbing no matter the problem.
I'll pick you up at the airport on Friday no matter when your flight arrives.
1898, Winston Churchill, chapter 4, in The Celebrity:
No matter how early I came down, I would find him on the veranda, smoking cigarettes, or otherwise his man would be there with a message to say that his master would shortly join me if I would kindly wait.
2011 December 15, Marc Higginson, “Shamrock Rovers 0-4 Tottenham”, in BBC Sport:
The result in Greece meant Tottenham could not progress, no matter how many goals they scored against Rovers but, after making nine changes to his starting line-up, Harry Redknapp will be pleased with the performance of his fringe players.

whew
whew /hjuː/ BrE  AmE  interjection
[Date: 1400-1500; Origin: Natural sound]
used when you are surprised, very hot, or feeling glad that something bad did not happen SYN phew:
 Whew, it was hot.
From Oxford Advanced Learners Dictionary 8th Ed.
whew
whew BrE [hwjuː]  NAmE [hwjuː]  BrE [fjuː]  NAmE [fjuː]  exclamation
a sound that people make to show that they are surprised or ↑relieved about sth or that they are very hot or tired
• Whew— and I thought it was serious!
• Ten grand? Whew!
compare ↑phew